In this exercise, there were two types of coupons that we examined: 1) the 
bar coupon, 2) the high-end restaurant coupon.
The goal of this exercise was to understand what portion of the customers 
are more likely to accept the coupons offered to them. We examined the 
acceptance rate for each of the two types of coupon, diving deeper into 
attributes that would make the driver more likely to accept the coupon. 
Please note that in both cases, the acceptance rate is defined as total 
number of drivers reached in the denominator, and the total number of 
drivers who accepted the coupon in the numerator.

Based on our analysis, followings are the attributes that make drivers 
more likely to accept the two types of coupons that we studied. We 
recommend focusing on the following types of customers next time that we 
want to offer coupons in order to achieve higher acceptance rate:

1. Bar Coupon:
Factors that are directly correlated with customers who accept the bar 
coupan are: 1)higher  income , 2)whether they don't  eat at cheap 
restaurants often (which is correlated with income), 3) whether they have 
a passenger in the car who is not a kid, 4) how often they go to bar.

Factors that are not important are: surprisingly, age is not that 
important as those who are under 30 and those who are over 25 have very 
close acceptance rates

2. High-End Restaurants Coupon:
Based on all the criteria that was examined, customers who are not 
divorced or widowed, are male, below thirty and go out at least once a 
month are best candidates for this coupon. Applying these criteria 
increases the accpetance rate from 44% to 51+%.

To see additional details about how the analysis was conducted, please see 
the following github link to the jupyter notebook: 
https://github.com/k1now/Coupons/blob/main/CouponAnalysis.ipynb
